fix: silence python3.11 asyncio deprecation warnings (#827)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/827.misc.rst

> Silence deprecation warnings that appear when running on python 3.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update event loop handling to avoid warnings when running on Python 3.11.
```
